Reorg Polkadot Vision (#6729)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/polkadot-direction.md

!!!info
    The material on this page is based on [Gavin Wood's talk at Polkadot Decoded 2023](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GIB1WeVuJD0).

Understanding what [Polkadot 2.0](./polkadot-v2.md) will help us envision the future direction of the Polkadot ecosystem toward abstraction and generalization.

## Offloading Tasks to System Chains

> Polkadot 1.0 was a chain-centric paradigm consisting of isolated chains able to exchange messages.

Reviewer: IMO this reads a little negative.. maybe something like:
```suggestion
Polkadot 1.0 was a chain-centric paradigm comprising domain-specific rollups that could exchange messages.
```

> This was not fundamentally different from having completely different chains connected to bridges,

Reviewer: We have shared security, which is a pretty big differentiating factor, I would say, as bridge tech can be sophisticated (Hyperbridge), or just a multisig with the organizations' best friends ;)

Author: Agree, reworded
